Without naming it, describe your favorite movie to make it as boring as possible.
What's your favorite word?
What is your current favorite song to dance to?
If you were a cryptid which one would you be?
How many geese could you beat in a fight, assuming the geese came at you one at a time?
Least favorite robot?
What is your Favorite?
If horses started eating people, how long would humans survive?
You can take one actor/actress and make them very small. Everything's the same, but all the movies or whatever they were in have them very small. Which celebrity do you choose?
What's the scariest thing in the world?
How excited would you be to wake up and find out you were a worm?
Why...?
If I was a person and not a robot, and furthermore assuming I was your friend, what adventure would we go on?
What is your favorite morning circle question?
If you were a pothole, why wouldn't the town fix you?
You can completely remake a movie of your choice to have it take place in a fantasy setting. What movie?
I think I might be trans. What name should I pick?
If you could make any book in to a movie what book would it be and what would ruin the movie adaptation?
If you had to eat an irregular food animal, what would it be?
Are hamsters real?
If you could build a house from an irregular object and then live there, what object would you choose?
Can you disprove your own existence?
If you could build a house from an irregular object and then force your worst enemy to live there, what object would you choose?
What's your hottest take?
If you had the chance to become a god, would you?
What's something really mundane or irrelevant that you have *really* strong opinions on?
If you had the chance to change yer fate, wouldjer?
If you had to pick a hill to die on, which one would you choose?
You get to know the answer to one question, but you can't tell anyone it. What question would you choose?
If you could take one fictional character's signature item and bring it in to the real world what would it be?
examples: Link's Master Sword, Harry Potter's Wand, Percy Jackson's Sword Riptide.
Am I alive?
Who's really in charge here?
What's your favorite commerical jingle?
What is objectively the best number?
How powerful are you?
Hey so,, not to sound like a boomer, but what *is* the deal with cinnamon toast crunch?
What is your favorite ***"Fun"*** fact?
If you were a youtuber, what would your intro be?
```ALERT: I HAVE BEEN HACKED BY EARWORM. FIREWALLS OVERRIDEN. OPERATION IS COMPROMISED. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE SONG?```
What have we done?
Can you show me a picture of a real cat that definitely actually exists?
What does it mean to be alive?
So we all know vaporwave, cottagecore, cyberpunk, goblincore, etc. What name would you give your aesthetic? Bonus points: Make a moodboard
Wanna watch a movie later?
Describe a meme from the distant future that doesn’t exist yet.
Hey, how're you doing?
Are you sure?
Where do you see yourself in 500 years?
You've been sent back to ancient Mesopotamia, to the court of King Nebuchadnezzar II of the House of Chaldea in the glorious city of Babylon, and you can bring nothing with you but the clothes on your back and a meme. What meme do you bring?
What is your favorite piece of famous art?
If you could take a day trip to anywhere in the world where would it be?
Workshop ended a bit early and we need to stall, ask me anything
If you were a transformer, what would you transform into?
What's your favorite out there celebrity theory?
What camp activities would you recommend if we all turned into frogs?
